Update information-barriers-policies.md (#8344)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/information-barriers-policies.md

- **Verify audit logging is enabled**: In order to look up the status of a policy application, audit logging must be turned on. Auditing is enabled for Microsoft 365 organizations by default. Some organizations may have disabled auditing for specific reasons. If auditing is disabled for your organization, it might be because another administrator has turned it off. We recommend confirming that it's OK to turn auditing back on when completing this step. For more information, see [Turn the audit log search on or off](turn-audit-log-search-on-or-off.md).

> - **No address book policies**: Before you define and apply information barrier policies, make sure no Exchange address book policies are in place. Information barriers are based on address book policies, but the two kinds of policies are not compatible. If you do have such policies, make sure to [remove your address book policies](/exchange/address-books/address-book-policies/remove-an-address-book-policy) first. Once information barrier policies are enabled and you have hierarchical address book enabled, all users ***who are not included*** in an information barrier segment will see the [hierarchical address book](/exchange/address-books/hierarchical-address-books/hierarchical-address-books) in Exchange online. Additionall ensure the user is visible in the address list with the HiddenFromAddressListsEnabled property set to $False.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **No address book policies**: Before you define and apply information barrier policies, make sure no Exchange address book policies are in place. Information barriers are based on address book policies, but the two kinds of policies are not compatible. If you do have such policies, make sure to [remove your address book policies](/exchange/address-books/address-book-policies/remove-an-address-book-policy) first. Once information barrier policies are enabled and you have hierarchical address book enabled, all users ***who are not included*** in an information barrier segment will see the [hierarchical address book](/exchange/address-books/hierarchical-address-books/hierarchical-address-books) in Exchange online. Additionally, ensure that the user is visible in the address list with the **HiddenFromAddressListsEnabled** property set to $False.
```
